Cleanup Polly.Core README.md (#1298)
App-vNext/Polly: src/Polly.Core/README.md

The life of extensibility author is also simplified as they only maintain one implementation of strategy instead of multiple ones. See the duplications in [`Polly.Retry`](https://github.com/App-vNext/Polly/tree/main/src/Polly/Retry).

### Generic Resilience Strategy

Polly also exposes the sealed `ResilienceStrategy<T>` strategy that is just a simple wrapper over `ResilienceStrategy`. This strategy is used for scenarios when the consumer handles the single result type.

## Creation of `ResilienceStrategy`

This API exposes the following builders:

- [ResilienceStrategyBuilder](ResilienceStrategyBuilder.cs): Used to create resilience strategies that can execute all types of callbacks. In general, these strategies only handle exceptions. 
- [ResilienceStrategyBuilder<T>](ResilienceStrategyBuilder.TResult.cs): Used to create generic resilience strategies that can only execute callbacks that return the same result type.

> - [ResilienceStrategyBuilderBase](ResilienceStrategyBuilderBase.cs): The base class for both builders above. You can use is as a target for strategy extension that work for both builders above.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ResilienceStrategyBuilderBase](ResilienceStrategyBuilderBase.cs): The base class for both builders above. You can use it as a target for strategy extensions that work for both builders above.  
```
